Date: 15:19, 15th January, 2022 (GMT+3), Istanbyl Ataturk International Airport.

The core of Xdex lies on Ara blockchain.
The aim of Ara blockchain is to make a special blockchain that acts as a bridge between various blockchains.

Ara blockchain comes with two features: verified data reading, and transaction relayer.

1. VERIFIED DATA READING 
Users can use Ara blockchain for reading data from the Blockchains.
By paying very low fee. This is provided by ARADAN. So it is not yet documented.
The idea is, users are registering themselves as ara consumers by staking ORE token.
This will whitelist this user's wallet address on ARADAN blockchain.

When user wants to make a request, he makes a request to ARADAN blockchain.
Users can execute a JSON RPC request to ARADAN load balancer. Which will query user's data from multiple nodes at the same time.

For example, for Ethereum it will request from custom full nodes, alchemy and infura.

2. TRANSACTION RELAYER 
This is not just a relayer, its developed for cross-platform dapps, that has a one token on various blockchains.
Let's say, a dapp created a token deployed on three blockchains. We then have a dapp that wants to do an airdrop.
We do airdrop in one blockchain. The requirement for it is to lock the tokens for specific period of the time.

So, when user transfers user's tokens on blockchain B to the lock smartcontract, the ara blockchain relayer will trigger on blockchain A 
the event to update the user's balance for airdrop.

In order to use Transaction Relayer, the developer has to stake some ORE token, and then deploy a smartcontract on ara blockchain.
The smartcontract should follow the interface of RELAYER_INTERFACE.sol.

User defines the source blockchain, smart contract, and event. Then creates a callback function that has target blockchain, 
target smartcontract and target method information as an event. Event name should match to Smartcontract method.
And event parameters should match to method parameters. 


---

Ara blockchain is used for the following cases:
1. Xdex - a cross-chain LP provider.
2. NFT Bridge - bridging nfts accross multiple nodes.
3. gassless station or metadata
4. smart accounts of Seascape.